{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs24\lang2057 The Golem Platform/Thorg Miner Terms of Use\b0\fs18\par
The Golem Platform/Thorg Miner is experimental open source software released under a GNU General Public License version 3 and may contain errors and/or bugs. No guarantee or representation whatsoever is made regarding its suitability (or its use) for any purpose or regarding its compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Use of the software is at your own risk and discretion and by using the software you warrant and represent that you have read this disclaimer, understand its contents, assume all risk related thereto and hereby release, waive, discharge and covenant not to hold liable Golem Factory GmbH or any of its officers, employees or affiliates from and for any direct or indirect damage resulting from the software or the use thereof. Such to the extent as permissible by applicable laws and regulations.\par
I. Golem Platform/Thorg Miner\par
The underlying software protocol (the "Software") that governs the Golem Platform/Thorg Miner is developed and published under the GNU General Public License version 3 which forms an integral part of this Disclaimer {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html }}{\fldrslt{https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18 . You understand and accept that the Software is provided "as is" and any expressed or implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose are disclaimed.Your use of the Golem Platform/Thorg Miner and any of your corresponding activities as well as feedback provided to Company do not give you any rights and/or claims against the Company.\par
As the Software is of experimental nature and deployed for testing purposes only, you acknowledge that this alpha version of the Software, even though developed in accordance to state of the art, is likely to: contain bugs, defects, or errors (including any bug, defect, or error relating to or resulting from the display, manipulation, processing, storage, transmission, or use of data) that materially and adversely affects the use, functionality, or performance of Golem Platform/Thorg Miner or any product or system containing or used in conjunction with the Golem Platform/Thorg Miner.\par
Also, core to the Golem Platform/Thorg Miner built-in feature set is a dedicated Ethereum-based transaction system, which enables direct transactions between Requestors and Providers. All such transactions in the Golem Platform/Thorg Miner are made in GLM and require ETH as gas.\par
With the aim of reducing the costs for the Users, the individual payment transactions can be bundled and carried out on Ethereum-base Layer 2 transaction systems. You hereby acknowledge that it may therefore take up to 30 business days for the payment to be withdrawn from Ethereum-based Layer 2 transaction systems and become accessible to you on the Ethereum main chain.\par
THE GOLEM PLATFORM/THORG MINER IS HIGHLY EXPERIMENTAL AND ANY REAL ETH OR GLM SENT TO A LIKELY INSECURE SOFTWARE ARE AT RISK OF BEING LOST INDEFINITELY. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THE RISK OF A NON-PAYMENT EVEN AFTER 30 BUSINESS DAYS.\par
You understand and acknowledge that GLM in testnet ("NGNT") and rETH (Rinkeby ETH) neither carry any value nor do they represent rights or claims. GLM in testnet ("NGNT") and rETH (Rinkeby ETH) are automatically generated by the Rinkeby testnet for (technical) testing purposes only. Your NGNT and/or rETH as well as possible loss thereof (for whatever reason) do not give you any rights and/or claims against the Company.\par
Privacy warning: Please be aware, that by using the Golem Platform/Thorg Miner, among others your Rinkeby Ethereum address, channels, channel deposits, settlements and the Ethereum address of your channel counterparty will be stored on the Rinkeby Ethereum testnet chain, i.e. on servers of Ethereum testnet node operators and ergo are to a certain extent publicly available. The same might also be stored on systems of parties running Golem Platform/Thorg Miner nodes connected to the same network. Data present in the Rinkeby Ethereum chain is very unlikely to be able to be changed, removed or deleted from the public arena.\par
The Golem Platform/Thorg Miner is highly experimental and is only to be used on Rinkeby Ethereum testnet. Any real ETH or GLM sent to likely insecure software is at risk of being lost indefinitely. Company will not reimburse you for such loss of real ETH or GLM.\par
II. Disclaimer of Warranty\par
There is no warranty for the software, to the extent permitted by applicable law except when otherwise stated in writing. The Company provides the software "as is" without warranty of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of the software is with you. Should the software prove defective, you assume the cost of all necessary servicing, repair or correction.\par
III. Services and Availability\par
All Users acknowledge that the Company only provides the technical applications to enable the contact between the Requestors and Providers within the Rinkeby testnet for testing purposes. The Company is not liable for any contact between the Users. The Company is not liable for any breach of duty arising from the contracts concluded between the Users (including non-fulfillment of a contract) and the Company can not be held responsible for the quality of any work results / computations ordered by a Requestor through the Golem Platform/Thorg Miner. The Users are solely responsible for the execution and fulfillment of the contracts between Requestors and Providers.\par
The Users acknowledge that a 100% availability of the Golem Platform/Thorg Miner is technically not possible. Events beyond the Company's control can lead to short-term disruptions or temporary suspension of the Golem Platform/Thorg Miner. The Company excludes, as far as legally permissible, liability for all damages in connection with service interruptions.\par
IV. Limitation of Liability\par
IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING WILL THE COMPANY, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MODIFIES AND/OR CONVEYS THE SOFTWARE AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER SOFTWARE OR THE NON-PAYMENT OF A FEE ), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.\par
V. Assumption of Risks of Cryptographic Systems and Currencies\par
By using the Golem Platform/Thorg Miner in any way, you acknowledge the inherent risks associated with cryptographic systems; and warrant that you have an understanding of the usage and intricacies of native cryptographic tokens, like GLM or ETH, smart contract based tokens such as those that follow the Ethereum Token Standard and blockchain-based software systems.\par
You understand that Ethereum and other blockchain technologies and associated currencies or tokens are highly volatile due to many factors including but not limited to adoption, speculation, technology and security risks. You also acknowledge that the cost of transacting on such technologies is variable and may increase at any time causing impact to any activities taking place on the Ethereum blockchain. You acknowledge these risks and represent that the Company cannot be held liable for such fluctuations or increased costs.\par
You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for the process of selling and buying GLM or ETH and that the Company does not offer any such service. The Company cannot be held liable for any losses or damages of GLM, ETH or other Cryptocurrencies resulting from the use of services of any third-party provider (i.e. exchanges).\par
VI. Personal Data\par
The Users acknowledge that by using and contributing computer resources to the Golem Platform/Thorg Miner certain personal information ("Personal Information", as further described in the User Interaction Guidelines) may be shared with the other Users of the Golem Platform/Thorg Miner.\par
VII. Indemnification\par
You agree to release and to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Company and its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and agencies, as well as the officers, directors, employees, shareholders and representatives of any of the foregoing entities, from and against any and all losses, liabilities, expenses, damages, costs (including attorneys' fees and court costs) claims or actions of any kind whatsoever arising or resulting from your use of the Software, your violation of this Disclaimer, and any of your acts or omissions that implicate publicity rights, defamation or invasion of privacy. If you are obligated to indemnify the Company, Company reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume exclusive defense and control of any matter and, in such case, you agree to cooperate with the Company in the defense of such matter.\par
VIII. Jurisdiction and Governing Law\par
Any dispute between the Users and the Company shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent Courts of Zug, Switzerland, with the exclusion of any other jurisdiction or arbitration.\par
This Disclaimer as well as the following User Interaction Guidelines shall be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the substantive laws of Switzerland, excluding the Swiss conflict of law rules. The United Nations Convention for the International Sales of Goods ("Vienna Sales Convention") is excluded.\par
}
